{\rtf1\adeflang1037\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Thorndale};}
{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f33\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Thorndale};}
{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f44\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f45\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f47\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f48\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f49\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f50\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\rtlch\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs20\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch
\fs20\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\rtlch\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch
\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \snext15 Default;}{\rtlch\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 
\sbasedon15 \snext16 Text body;}{\rtlch\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon16 \snext17 List;}{\rtlch
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs20\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\i\fs20\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon15 \snext18 caption;}{\rtlch
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon15 \snext19 Index;}{\rtlch\s20\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon15 \snext20 header;}{\rtlch\s21\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon15 \snext21 footer;}}{\info{\author Vered}{\operator Vered}
{\creatim\yr2003\mo9\dy29\hr15\min37}{\revtim\yr2003\mo9\dy29\hr16\min2}{\version2}{\edmins25}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1410}{\nofchars8039}{\nofcharsws9872}{\vern8247}}\margt989\margb1133\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect
\sbknone\linex0\footery864\sectdefaultcl {\header \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s20\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch
\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\rtlch \af0 \ltrch 
\par }}{\footer \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s21\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\af0\afs24\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\rtlch \af0 \ltrch 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch
\af0\afs20\langfe1037\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \ltrch\fs20\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Ruth  - }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 
Still happens _ No similar bug found in Bugzilla \endash  submitted new report}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 D2k hangs if has lots of output to the console (in d2k pane)
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 In the preferences dialog  - set logging level to debug. Check on the use console check box.
\par Restart d2k (to make changes active).
\par Run an itinerary that is known to output debug messages.
\par According to bug - d2k is supposed to hang.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 74: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Bug cannot be reproduced without using IBM's JDK}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Second run picks up left inputs from first run. Need to write an itinerary with a bug for this one\'85 then see what\rquote s going on.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug #75:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Check if nested itineraries can run on a remote machine.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug #75:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Nested itineraries that generate GUI set should not be able to be assigned to a remote machine.
\par Is there a way for d2k to kno
w if a specific node in the itinerary will generate GUI? Should modules document themselves with this one too. Or maybe modules that generates GUI are Vis modules - hence d2k can deal with them. But what about itineraries? Can d2k look into an itinerary r
ecursively and find out if it has any GUI components? }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf5 \ltrch \fs24\cf5 ASK TOM}{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug #76:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Difficult to see which modules are executing.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Especially with reentrant modules.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug #113: 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Proximities is not reset to default if a machine is not available.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6712\tx7672\tx8630\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 
If you have assigned some modules to run on a remote machine and you save your itinerary then when you later reload your itinerary if the machine you had assigned to is not available, instead of resetting those assignments to localhost there is no visible
 assignment checked for that module.
\par Also check - with reloading. Set your modules to a non available machine. D2k should not allow this.
\par The Proximities editor should not enable machines that are not available.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af2\cf2 \ltrch \f2\cf2 Bug #125 - Ruth
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Can\rquote t display visualization
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 
I have an itinerary (D2K-test_Save_model on ruth-linux) that I run (select input fields mod yr and occupant and input field lossratio) and produce a visualization from DTVis (and a model from SimpleModelSelector). When I try to bring up the visualization 
by clicking on the icon in the jump-up panel I get an error dialog "Unable to display view".
\par think this might be related to the types of the fields I selected - they were doubles. I just reran selecting nominal fields for input and output and the visualiza
tion works. We may want to add some error checking to verify that the field types are appropriate for the model builder. Perhaps with the numeric fields it generated a bogus viz (one dimension size 0)? 
\par Should all modules work with all data type? Or should we in this case tell the user to use only nominal? The test in this case should be with all types of input.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6712\tx7672\tx8630\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 130 - Peter Groves
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Pipe Full Exception\tab 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Since b5, I've had a problem where a particular (very complex) itinerary would hang when run on sol
 (given 4 threads). It appears to be running but doesn't get to the end of the main loop it goes through even once. It did this indefinitely in b5. I haven't been able to pin it down exactly, but b6 now at least gives me this message (after a running for 
a while): java.lang.Exception: PipeFull 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 133:  -}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7  Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Point size in module editor dialog.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 The selection of point size seems not to make any difference ... if it's not supposed to work then the option showing sizes should be removed. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Bug # 136
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Change tree type: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Choose any pane from the palette other than the module pane.
\par Go to Edit | Preferences : change the tree type.
\par (according to bug suppose to throw NullPointerException)
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Bug # 138: }{\rtlch \af0 \ltrch     }{\rtlch \af0\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0 \ltrch 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6712\tx7672\tx8630\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 
After running an itinerary  it is no longer possible to add modules to it. There is no error message.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af2\cf6 \ltrch \f2\cf6 Bug #140:   
\par }{\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 Go to Tool | Itinerary Annotation. Don\rquote t change a thing, close the editor.
\par Should not prompt you to save changes.
\par }{\rtlch \af2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \f2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 The editor does not prompt
 you to save changes at all. Any changes to the itinerary annotation are saved only when the itinerary itself is saved. You get the prompt to save the itinerary even when there are no changes to the annotation
\par }{\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 
\par }{\rtlch \af2\cf6 \ltrch \f2\cf6 Bug #142:
\par }{\rtlch \af2\cf2 \ltrch \f2\cf2 embedded itineraries do not show the input and output names and descriptions correctly; they are empty in some cases, and in the case of inputs, there were descriptions but not names.
\par }{\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 Create a simple itinerary, constructed of even 1 module that inputs and outputs. Then embed this itinerary in another one. Check the input and output ports.
\par }{\rtlch \af2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \f2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Only the first input and output port names are displayed and there is a NullPointerException thrown when the cursor goes over the first input of the embedded itinerary.}{
\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 \~
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af2\cf2 \ltrch \f2\cf2 Bug # 143: 
\par }{\rtlch \af2\cf6 \ltrch \f2\cf6 open new window messes things up  - }{\rtlch \af2\cf6\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \f2\cf6\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 still open}{\rtlch \af2\cf6 \ltrch \f2\cf6 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 open an itinerary. 
\par then open a new window. 
\par run the itinerary on first window 
\par 
\par According to bug - output is given in console of second window 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug #144:}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7  Should use 'i' and 'o' keys \endash  need to update docs... }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Adding fan ins/outs with v/b keys
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Using the arrow tool and holding down the \lquote v\rquote  key - add a fan in. holding down the \lquote b\rquote  key will add a fan out.
\par According to bug does not work.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 145: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Changing the tree type & icons dropped on canvas:
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6712\tx7672\tx8630\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 View modules by type. open an itinerary. switch to the modules tab. 
\par open Preferences dialog box, set tree type to hierarchy. 
\par drag a module and drop it on the canvas.
\par According to bug - an itineray icon is drawn with the name of the itinerary that is currently open. 
\par And 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 the modules tree is arranged by type again. nothing can be done to change the tree but restarting.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug #146: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Tootips of pause button:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Hovering over the pause button - does a label show up saying \'93pause\'94? according to bug it does not.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 147: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Abort command is disabled
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Run an itinerary. Check the Abort command under the Tools menu - supposed to be enabled.
\par [according to bug - is disabled]
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 151: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Acceptance of 2 identical module labels
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Open an itinerary. Change one of the module\rquote s label to be identical to another label.
\par Does the change succeed? [not supposed to. According to bug it does]
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 152:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Generated windows don\rquote t get closed by close window button
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 some of the generated windows in the itineraries don't get closed when clicking on the close window button. (which should be equivalent to ok). 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 153: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 We'll just check the right  corner square for now.}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf6\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Un check show machine usage
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Check the show machine usage in View menu.
\par Run an itinerary.
\par Uncheck this option. The graph is supposed to disappear.
\par [according to bug it does not].
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 156:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Remote machines on the Proximities editor
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Proximities editor should be updated according to available machine son network.
\par Currently the machines\rquote  IP are seemed to be hard coded.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 157: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 cannot reproduce}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Dragged icon.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 add a nested itinerary to an itinerary. 
\par switch to modules tab. 
\par drag a module and drop it on the canvas.
\par What icon is being dragged? 
\par [according to bug - itinerary\rquote s]
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 158: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Problems with first saved visualization.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Have no files in the visualizations folder.
\par run itinerary which generates visualizations. 
\par save the visualization. 
\par click the "reload classes" button in order to get the visualization in the visualization pane. 
\par [According to bug - get this message in the console: 
\par Unable to reload VisTree. 
\par java.lang.IllegalStateException: node does not allow children]
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 159:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Installing d2k under a non default directory
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 According to bug: When installing d2k under a non default directory, the preferences are set to the default directory. Which cause error messages when starting (d2k fails to find directories under default location).
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 160: }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Resolved}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Changing directories in Environment tab in Preferences dialog
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Change directories. According to bug - changing the itineraries directory throws a null pointer exception.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 161:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Newly installed d2k remembers settings of uninstalled version.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Set some preferences in d2k (use console, logging, tree type, directories).
\par Uninstall d2k. Reinstall d2k.
\par Open the preferences dialog. According to bug - the new d2k remembers the settings.
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par Bug # 162:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Saving models not viewing the models pane
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Run an itinerary which generates models.
\par View any tab in the palette except the model tab (you save via the generated models jump up pane. But don\rquote t view the models pallete)
\par Save the generated model. 
\par According to bug - throws a null pointer exception, though models are saved.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 163: -}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 fixed}{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Cannot drag and drop models
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Run an itinerary which creates models. Save the models.
\par Open new itinerary. Drag and drop the model on the canvas.
\par [according to bug - cannot drop the model. Get an exception]
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\cf2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 From here on  fixes not present in alpha 4:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 
\par Bug # 164 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Properties window does not reflect module\rquote s label
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Open an itinerary. Double click on one of the modules to open the properties window. Change that module\rquote s label.
\par [according to bug - properties window does not refreshes. Not even if closed and reopened.]
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \fs24\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf2 \ltrch \fs24\cf2 Bug # 166:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Module info jump up pane
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Open the right most jump up pane.
\par See if the pane refreshes itself with info of each of the following:
\par Select a module in the modules tree. 
\par Select a module in an itinerary.
\par Select an itinerary in the itinerary tree. [according to bug - does not affect the pane]
\par Select a nested itinerary in the canvas.
\par Click somewhere on the canvas in order to deselect the items. Now hover over the modules in the canvas. [the pane is supposed to be refreshed]
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24\cf6 \ltrch \fs24\cf6 Availability of buttons in the right hand tool bar:
\par }{\rtlch \af0\afs24 \ltrch \fs24 Hover over the toolbar of the run/pause/checkpoint/stop buttons when running an itinerary.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6712\tx7672\tx8630\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch \af2 \ltrch \f2 Does the pause and stop are enabled? Does the run and checkpoint are disabled?
\par Pause the itinerary: now all buttons except the pause are supposed to be enabled.
\par Resume itinerary. Stop the itinerary. Only the run button is supposed to be enabled. 
\par 
\par Version Control
\par }{\rtlch \af2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 \ltrch \f2\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat7 Changes in Yellow made by Anca for first the a4 release
\par }}